“Licensed Material” means this software and its associated documentation.

“Permitted Recipients” means (i) KPMG member firms; and (ii) KPMG International
Limited, KPMG International Services Limited, KPMG International Cooperative and
all their subsidiaries (each a “KPMG Network Entity”).

The KPMG Member Firm or KPMG Network Entity distributing the Licensed Material
grants the Permitted Recipients receiving the Licensed Material (“you”) a
perpetual and irrevocable (except  for a Permitted Recipient that ceases to be a
member of the KPMG network of firms) right to copy, modify, distribute, make
derivative works of, deal in and use (including the right to permit use on your
behalf by your agents and subcontractors) the Licensed Material, without
restriction for your internal business purposes (except as set out in these
terms).

If you create a work that contains, or derives from, the Licensed Material you
must make the derivative work available to the Permitted Recipients under the 
terms of this licence.

These terms must be included with all copies of the Licensed Materials or any
part of them.  You may not remove or permit the removal of any copyright notice.

The Licensed Material is provided "as is", without any express, implied,
statutory or other warranty or condition, including, but not limited to,
warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or
non-infringement. The licensor and its personnel have no liability for any
claim, damages or losses arising from, out of or in connection with the Licensed
Material or its use, whether under contract, negligence, statute, tort or
otherwise.  This licence and all matters arising under or in connection with it
shall be governed by English law.  Nothing in this licence excludes or restricts
liability where this is not allowed under local law.  The Licensed Material may
contain software or technology that is of United States’ origin.  As such, you
may be subject to U.S. export, re-export, and/or sanctions controls on your
distribution, retransfer, or use of the Licensed Material.
